(horns honks in distance,
bird wings flap)
YOU DON'T HAVE TO LEAVE.
(gasps) IT'S OKAY.
WELL...
DO YOU WANT
SOME BREAKFAST?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
I'M SORRY. I-I KNOW I'M NOT
SUPPOSED TO SLEEP OVER.
I WAS JUST SO TIRED.
I THOUGHT I WAS GONNA CLOSE
MY EYES FOR A SECOND.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S NOT.
I TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOU.
THIS IS CASUAL. IT'S NOT ABOUT
SNUGGLING IN THE MORNING.
IT'S EASY. THAT'S ME.
EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEEZY.
(cell phone vibrates)
LEAH, I WAS GONNA ORDER
SOME FOOD,
SO IF YOU WANT SOME--
I'M FINE.
I GOTTA GO FIND A COSTUME
FOR THIS THING
AT JOE'S TONIGHT, SO...
(gasps)
THAT'S RIGHT. IT'S HALLOWEEN.
(door opens)
HAPPY--
(Meredith) EVERY HALLOWEEN
WE MAKE A CHOICE
ABOUT WHAT KIND OF COSTUME
WE'RE GOING TO WEAR--
SOMETHING SEXY...
MORNING.
OH, GOOD.
CAN YOU TAKE THESE?
THERE'S A RIP
IN THE BOTTOM LEFT.
OH.
I JUST FINISHED AN APPY,
AND I WAS GOING TO DO IT
IN THE 20 MINUTES
BEFORE MY LAP CHOLE.
MM-HMM.
BUT I NEED TO GET ON THE PHONE
AND ORDER A 3-D PRINTER.
YOUR GRANT GOT APPROVED?
THAT'S GREAT.
YEAH, IT IS,
EXCEPT IT'S A CONFLICT
WITH A BUTTERFLY WING
REPAIR.
WELL, I NEED TO SOLVE
MY ARRAY PROBLEM TODAY.
IF I CAN FIGURE OUT HOW
TO SHRINK THE CRANIOTOMY,
I SHOULD BE ABLE TO AVOID
A LOT OF THE INFECTIONS
THAT WE'RE GETTING.
OKAY, WELL, THIS WILL ONLY
TAKE YOU FOUR MINUTES.
I KNOW. I'M JUST
TELLING YOU ABOUT MY DAY.
OH, WELL, I DID NOT FACTOR THAT
INTO THE SCHEDULE.
AND TRICK-OR-TREATING
STILL ON TONIGHT?
UH, OF COURSE, OF COURSE.
MAYBE WE'LL BE SOMEONE SCARY...
ALEX.
DID YOU GET THE HOUSE READY?
YEP.
OKAY. CANDY?
NO.
DID YOU GET THE PUMPKINS?
DID YOU PUT UP
THE SPIDER WEBS?
NO.
THEN HOW IS THE HOUSE READY?
I GOT THE KEG.
OH, YOU'RE HAVING A PARTY
AT THE HOUSE?
UM, YEAH, ALEX IS LETTING US
USE THE HOUSE
TO TRICK-OR-TREAT FROM
BECAUSE WE HAVE NO NEIGHBORS
WHERE WE ARE,
SO I INVITED A BUNCH
OF FAMILIES FROM THE DAY CARE.
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU?
NO.
OH. YOU SHOULD COME.
IT'S FINE.
RIGHT. WELL, YOU DON'T WANNA BE
AROUND A BUNCH OF KIDS
HOPPED UP ON SUGAR ANYWAY,
RIGHT?
RIGHT.
'CAUSE I HATE CHILDREN.
CRISTINA--
BUT I LOVE YOUR KIDS.
I SHOULD HAVE INVITED YOU.
I'M SORRY. I JUST THOUGHT--
BUT YOU SHOULD COME
FOR A DRINK.
IT'S AT 7:00.
SHE'S GONNA BE A BUTTERFLY.
I HAVE TO GO.
I HAVE A LAP CHOLE.
OR YOU COULD BE A SUPERHERO,
WHICH IS WHAT I'M TRYING TO BE
THIS YEAR.
(indistinct conversations)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
HOW MANY FINGERS?
THREE. HANGNAIL
ON THE INDEX FINGER.
NO SIDE EFFECTS?
MY UNCLE HAD LASIK,
LIKE, THREE YEARS AGO. HE STILL
HAS HORRIBLE FACIAL PAIN
AND HE'S BASICALLY ADDICTED
TO PAINKILLERS.
LEAH.
WELL, YOUR UNCLE PROBABLY CAME
BACK TO WORK TOO EARLY
AND DIDN'T TAKE THE TWO DAYS OFF
THAT THE DOCTOR RECOMMENDED.
I AM A SECOND-YEAR RESIDENT.
16 HOURS IS ALREADY
MORE RECOVERY TIME
THAN I CAN AFFORD.
(sighs)
GO WORK. LEAVE ME ALONE.
ALL RIGHT.
(kisses)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
HOW'S IT GOING
WITH ALEX?
RADIO SILENCE.
STILL?
I THINK IT'S OVER.
WELL,
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT,
AND I HAVE
EXTRAORDINARY VISION...
(imitates British accent)
LITERALLY AND FIGURATIVELY.
(laughs) COME ON.
TIME TO GO ROUND ON WEBBER.
(slam)
OW!
ARE YOU SURE
YOU DON'T WANT TO GO HOME?
(Jo clears throat)
(whispers) OKAY.
HEY, KIDS.
YOU GOT HALLOWEEN PLANS?
(woman) I'LL TAKE IT.
YEAH, MATTHEW'S HAVING A THING.
I'M GOING AS A BUNNY.
OOH. PLAYBOY?
UH, VELVETEEN.
(elevator bell dings)
NEEDS WORK.
HOW ABOUT YOU, LONE RANGER?
ARE YOU AND EMMA GOING OUT?
UH, EMMA AND I
ARE NO LONGER A THING.
WHAT? WHY?
WELL, IT'S JUST TOO SOON.
I'M NOT READY.
YES, YOU ARE.
EMMA DOESN'T THINK SO,
BECAUSE I NEVER MENTIONED
BEING MARRIED BEFORE.
SHE SAID, "CALL ME
WHEN YOU'RE READY."
YOU'RE READY.
DON'T YOU THINK HE'S READY?
WELL, MAYBE HE'S READY,
BUT HE'S NOT READY TO CALL.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
HE'S READY.
YOU SHOULD...
HMM.
HE'S NOT READY.
NOT READY.
HEY, UM, I HAVE
THE COSTUME IN MY CAR.
WHAT TIME DID YOU
WANNA MEET?
NO, I HAVE THE COSTUME.
OH, PLEASE, DON'T TELL ME
WE HAVE TWO ASTRONAUT COSTUMES.
WE DON'T.
WE HAVE A PRINCESS.
WHAT?
YEAH.
YOU--WHAT--THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANT--
YOU WANT HER TO STRIVE
TO BE A PRINCESS?
NO, IT'S WHAT SHE WANTS.
IT'S WHAT SHE ASKED FOR.
NO, NO, NO, NO. SHE TOLD ME
SHE WANTED TO BE AN ASTRONAUT,
AND THAT'S WHY I SPENT
THREE HOURS LAST NIGHT
SEWING PATCHES
ON A LITTLE, TINY FLIGHT SUIT.
YEAH, WELL, I SPENT THE NIGHT
GLUING DAISIES ON A TUTU.
FINE. WE CAN HOLD UP
THE COSTUMES,
AND SHE CAN DECIDE
WHOSE WORK SHE LOVES MORE.
(scoffs) YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET IT. YOU TAKE HER.
(whispers)
I'M NOT DOING THIS.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
(Richard) AS THE GRAVE.
THAT IS AMAZING.
WHAT'S AMAZING?
DR. WEBBER WANTS ONE OF US
TO DO HIS SURGERY TODAY.
OH... NOT YOU.
N-NO OFFENSE,
BUT I HEARD YOU WALKED
INTO A WALL THIS MORNING.
(elevator bell dings)
UH, WHY NOT ME?
WELL, YOU CAN SUPERVISE.
THEY KNOW THIS PROCEDURE
INSIDE OUT.
THEY'RE--THEY'RE READY.
I BEG TO DIFFER.
(clears throat) HOW DO YOU DO
A TRANSGASTRIC APPROACH?
ANTERIOR GASTROTOMY FOR ACCESS
AND CYSTOGASTROSTOMY CREATION
THROUGH THE POSTERIOR WALL.
WHAT ABOUT
THE POSTERIOR APPROACH?
THAT IS A SINGLE GASTROTOMY
IN CONTINUITY
WITH THE PSEUDOCYST.
VERY NICE, AND WHICH IS
THE EASIEST APPROACH?
IT'D HAVE TO BE
THE INTRALUMINAL APPROACH.
UNLESS YOU'RE A FAN
OF INTRAOPERATIVE BLEEDING,
IN WHICH CASE,
DO WHAT YOU LIKE.
I THOUGHT I WASN'T SEEING YOU
UNTIL THE WEEKEND.
AH, I COULDN'T MISS
TRICK-OR-TREATING.
JUST DIDN'T SEEM RIGHT.
GOOD MAN.
THAT'S A BOLD MOVE,
LETTING THE SECOND YEARS
TRY A PROCEDURE LIKE THIS
ON YOU. HOW YOU GONNA PICK?
BAILEY, WATCH THEM
IN THE E.R. TODAY.
TELL ME WHICH ONE
DESERVES IT.
NONE OF 'EM DO,
AND I DON'T NEED TO SPEND A DAY
IN THE E.R.--
DR. BAILEY, THAT'S ALL.
GET OUT OF HERE.
WE'RE GONNA REVIEW
AN INTRALUMINAL APPROACH.
(huffs)
COME ON.
OKAY, SO,
YOU, ME, AND TUCK--
WE SHOULD THINK OF COSTUMES
THAT HAVE THREE PARTS,
LIKE THE THREE STOOGES.
I HAVE A WITCH'S HAT.
I PUT IT ON EVERY YEAR
AND CALL IT A DAY.
(elevator bell dings)
MY DAY IS GONNA BE
ABOUT WHICH OF THOSE THREE
RESIDENTS IS GONNA KILL
THE MOST IMPORTANT PATIENT
I'VE EVER HAD.
HALLOWEEN WAS... KIND OF
MY FAMILY'S THING,
AND I WANT IT TO BE
OUR FAMILY'S THING,
SO GO WORK.
I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
YOU JUST COME WITH ME
AT THE END OF THE DAY
WITH THAT FACE
AND THAT BODY AND THE...
(gasps)
I'LL FIGURE OUT
WHAT TO PUT ON IT.
(huffs)
(chuckles)
IT'S A HOLIDAY
FOR CHILDREN, YOU KNOW.
(woman) VICTOR BROWN--
30-YEAR-OLD MALE MAULING VICTIM.
VITALS ARE STABLE.
LET'S GET HIM TO TRAUMA.
WHAT MAULED HIM?
HE--HE TACKLED ME.
HE CAME OUT OF NOWHERE.
WAIT. WHO IS "HE"?
THE GUY--
HE WAS SNARLING AND GROWLING.
I'M SORRY.
A PERSON DID THIS TO YOU?
HE STARTED EATING MY FACE
LIKE SOME SORT OF...
ZOMBIE?
MURPHY? EDWARDS?
IT'S THE BITER.
MULTIPLE G.S.W.s TO THE CHEST.
B.P. 90 OVER 60.
(grunting)
PULSE IN THE 120s.
HE'S ON SOMETHING.
HOW IS THIS GUY STABLE? HE'S GOT
TWO BULLET HOLES OVER HIS HEART.
COPS SHOT HIM BEFORE HE ATE
THAT OTHER GUY'S WHOLE FACE OFF.
AND HE GOT 4 OF LORAZEPAM.
(gurney clacking)
BARELY SLOWED HIM DOWN.
I WANT HIM SEDATED NOW.
PUSH 2 OF LORAZEPAM
AND 5 OF HALDOL.
(drawer opens, objects rustling)
THIS GUY SHOULD NOT BE ALIVE.
GUYS, I CAN BARELY HEAR
HIS HEART.
(growling)
(screaming)
OW.
SORRY.
IT'S PRETTY DEEP.
JUST PATCH ME UP.
THERE'S NO WAY I'M MISSING OUT
ON WEBBER'S SURGERY
BECAUSE OF A LITTLE NECK LAC.
OH, YES, YOU ARE.
(Jo, Leah, and Stephanie scream)
WHERE DID YOU COME FROM?
I'M EVERYWHERE,
AND YOU ARE NOT GOING
INTO AN O.R.
WITH AN OPEN WOUND.
YOU NEED TO GET YOURSELF TESTED
AND RUN AN INFECTIOUS PANEL,
INCLUDING RAPID H.I.V. ON HIM
AND WHOEVER'S BLOOD
WAS IN HIS MOUTH.
HOLD UP.
(squish)
OW.
IS THAT A...
TOOTH.
ONE...
DOWN.
(emergency radio chatter)
WHAT?
SAY "TRICK OR TREAT."
NO.
GOD,
YOU'RE NO FUN SOMETIMES.
TRICK OR TREAT. WHAT?
A TREAT FOR YOU.
WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
THE X-RAYS ARE BACKWARDS.
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
THE ORGANS ARE.
NO WAY.
MM-HMM.
HE HAS SITUS INVERSUS?
ALL HIS ORGANS
ARE COMPLETELY BACKWARDS,
MIRRORED
TO THE NORMAL POSITION.
THIS GUY WAS SHOT
TWICE IN THE CHEST.
HE DIDN'T DIE. MURPHY COULD
BARELY FIND A HEARTBEAT,
BUT IT TURNS OUT HIS HEART
WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE.
I HAVE WANTED TO SEE THIS
SINCE MED SCHOOL.
I KNOW THAT.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN.
IT STARTED LAST NIGHT.
SHE LOVES HALLOWEEN.
SHE'S BEEN IN THIS COSTUME
FOR DAYS.
AND I HAVE TO GO OUT OF TOWN
TODAY FOR WORK.
(cell phone buzzes)
LAST TRIP WAS BRAZIL.
I GOT TO GO, TOO.
AND I COULDN'T TAKE HER
WITH ME ON THIS ONE,
SO WE HAD HALLOWEEN EARLY.
WE WATCHED PART
OF A SCARY MOVIE, AND--
(buzz)
"POLTERGEIST."
IT WAS AWESOME.
(chuckles)
I PAGED DR. ROBBINS.
NO, YOU PAGED PEDS.
YOU GOT ME.
TARYN, I'M DR. KAREV.
SO, UH, YOU HAVE A STOMACHACHE.
YOU DON'T KNOW ANY MAGIC SPELLS
TO FIX IT?
NO.
WELL, WE HAD SOME CANDY
LAST NIGHT DURING THE MOVIE,
AND SHE GOT SICK...
A FEW TIMES.
CANDY FOR DINNER. NICE.
OW.
ALL RIGHT, SHE HAS SOME GUARDING
AND A FEVER,
SO IT'S PROBABLY NOT THE CANDY.
(buzz)
I'D LIKE TO DO FURTHER TESTING.
DRAW LABS.
I STILL GET TO
TRICK-OR-TREAT, RIGHT?
ARE YOU KIDDING? THE BEST
TRICK-OR-TREATING IN SEATTLE
IS RIGHT HERE
ON THE PEDS FLOOR.
YOU GO AROUND
WITH THESE HUGE PILLOWCASES.
EVERYONE HANDS OUT AS MUCH CANDY
AS YOU CAN CARRY.
(lisping) HE DIDN'T DIE.
THEY SHOT HIM IN THE HEART
TWICE, AND HE DIDN'T DIE.
I THOUGHT HE WAS JUST CRAZY.
HE WAS JUST CRAZY.
THEN WHY DIDN'T HE DIE?!
I'VE GOT A NEEDLE
RIGHT NEXT TO YOUR FACE.
I NEED YOU TO CALM IT DOWN,
OKAY?
IS THERE ANY PAIN ELSEWHERE?
IT'S JUST SORE.
AND STIFF.
OH, MY GOD.
IS THIS RIGOR MORTIS?
VICTOR, ZOMBIES AREN'T REAL.
WE KNOW THIS, RIGHT?
YOU. YOU SHOULD...
(monitor beeping rapidly)
QUA-QUARANTINE...
VICTOR, SQUEEZE MY HAND.
DID YOU HIT YOUR HEAD
WHEN HE ATTACKED YOU?
YOU SHOULD QUARANTINE--
CAN YOU SMILE FOR ME, BUDDY?
UH...
NO, HE'S HAVING A STROKE.
THERE'S PULSATILE MASS.
COULD BE DAMAGE TO THE CAROTID.
MAYBE A PSEUDOANEURYSM.
ALL RIGHT,
GET THE ULTRASOUND.
I'M GONNA BOOK AN O.R.
MRS. WILTERN?
UH, WALKER. MARGE WALKER.
TAKE ME HOME, PHILIP.
MOM? UH, SORRY. SHE'S A LITTLE
AFRAID OF HOSPITALS.
OH. WELL, IN THAT CASE,
I'LL BE VERY, VERY GENTLE, OKAY?
UH, IT SAYS YOU HURT
YOUR LEG?
SHE SAYS IT WAS A BUG BITE
OR SOMETHING. IT GOT INFECTED,
AND SHE SAYS IT HURTS LIKE HECK.
SHE'S BEEN POPPING IBUPROFEN
LIKE IT'S CANDY.
I HAD TO DRAG HER IN HERE.
IT'S FINE.
PHILIP, TAKE ME HOME.
MOM, NO. NOT UNTIL YOU LET HER
CHECK IT OUT.
JUST TRY TO RELAX,
OKAY?
I'M GONNA TAKE A LOOK.
(insect buzzing)
UH...
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
ABOUT FOUR MONTHS AGO.
FOUR MONTHS AGO?
(gasps)
(Steph) MAGGOTS.
GROSS.
WRITHING AND PULSING.
WE KNOW WHAT MAGGOTS ARE.
AT FIRST, THEY WERE
A LITTLE BIT BLURRY
BECAUSE MY EYES--
I JUST HAD EYE SURGERY.
WHAT? WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M FINE.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE SEEING
PATIENTS.
BUT I WANNA BE HELPFUL.
WELL, GREAT. THEN YOU CAN GO
TO THE STORE
ANY BUY SOME HALLOWEEN CANDY.
NAME BRANDS--NONE OF THOSE
SMARTEES OR CANDY CORNS.
BUT I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO DRIVE.
LUCKILY, SOMEONE INVENTED
THE BUS PASS.
COME ON, GREY. YOU'RE NOT GONNA
MAKE HER TAKE THE BUS.
THANK YOU, DR. TORRES.
THERE'S A SHOP JUST UP
THE STREET. YOU CAN WALK.
(elevator bell dings)
YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR WHAT AGAIN?
YOU KNOW, ONE OF THOSE
LITTLE HEAD MIRRORS,
THAT DOCTORS WEAR.
BEN, YOU ARE A DOCTOR.
HAVE YOU EVER WORN ONE?
NO.
BECAUSE THEY STOPPED USING THEM
A CENTURY AGO. (laughs)
WHAT ARE THEY TEACHING YOU
DOWN THERE?
TUCK WANTS TO BE
A MAD SCIENTIST TONIGHT.
HE SHOULD HAVE ONE OF THOSE
LITTLE HEAD MIRROR THINGS.
WELL, I HAVE
A BRAIN IN A JAR.
BUT I WANNA GIVE HIM A COSTUME,
NOT A NIGHTMARE.
WHAT DID HE DO TO YOU?
TORRES AND I ARE WORKING ON
THOUGHT CONTROL PROSTHETICS.
I'M TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO INSERT THE SENSORS
THROUGH A SMALLER CRANIOTOMY.
OHH. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED
OF YOURSELF.
I'M SORRY? OH, WELL,
THAT'S FOR ZOLA TONIGHT.
IT WAS RIPPED. I FIXED IT.
(scoffs) YEAH,
IF YOU CALL THIS FIXED.
YEAH, I COULD DO
A RUNNING WHIPSTITCH SO SMOOTH
THE BUTTERFLY WOULD NEVER EVEN
KNOW THERE'D BEEN A RUPTURE.
WHAT ARE YOU TEACHING
UP HERE?
(gasping and groaning)
I WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A BIOPSY
TO SEE IF THE INFECTION'S
GOTTEN INTO THE BONE.
AND WE ARE GONNA NEED TO
TAKE YOU DOWN TO THE O.R.
TO CLEAN THE PARASITES
OUT OF THAT WOUND.
NO! NO! TAKE ME HOME!
MOM.
TAKE ME HOME!
NO, NO, NO. MOM. MOM. MOM.
WE--WE CAN GIVE YOU A SEDATIVE
TO EASE THE ANXIETY.
NO! NO NEEDLES! NO NEEDLES!
JUST GO AWAY!
JUST LEAVE ME ALONE! DON'T!
JUST GO AWAY! DON'T--OH! (cries)
SHE'S ALWAYS HATED DOCTORS,
BUT IT'S GOTTEN OUT OF CONTROL
SINCE MY DAD DIED.
I DON'T WANT TO SOUND CRUEL,
BUT CAN'T YOU JUST PUT HER
IN RESTRAINTS
AND GIVE HER A SEDATIVE
OR SOMETHING?
WELL...
I HAVE AN IDEA. I'M GOING TO
THE GIFT SHOP. I'LL BE BACK.
UH, PUT HER IN BED 3.
GET AN X-RAY OF THE ANKLE.
(groans)
BED 5 SHOULD BE EMPTY.
GET A RAPID INFLUENZA.
COULD BE THE FLU.
RIGHT AWAY, DOCTOR.
UH, MA'AM?
(labored breathing)
I'M WAITING FOR MY DOCTOR.
WELL, I'M YOUR DOCTOR NOW,
SO...
WHAT'S YOUR DOCTOR'S NAME?
MAYBE I CAN FIND THEM.
DR. BROOKS.
HEATHER BROOKS.
I'M SORRY. SHE'S NOT HERE.
YES, SHE IS.
SHE'S ALWAYS HERE.
(labored breathing,
wheezing)
SHE SAID SHE'LL ONLY SEE
HEATHER BROOKS.
CAN I TELL HER
ABOUT HEATHER?
YOU WANNA TELL A SICK OLD LADY
HER FAVORITE DOCTOR IS DEAD?
THAT SEEM LIKE A GOOD IDEA
TO YOU?
NO. IT'S JUST, SHE'S PRETTY
INSISTENT ON SEEING DR. BROOKS.
THEN TELL HER IT'S NOT POSSIBLE
AND TREAT HER YOURSELF.
UM... WHERE IS SHE?
I DON'T KNOW. SHE WAS
RIGHT THERE A SECOND AGO.
(scoffs)
UH, MURPHY'S BITTEN,
EDWARDS IS BLIND,
AND YOU'RE BONKERS.
NO! I--
ANOTHER ONE DOWN.
(elevator bell dings)
(indistinct conversations)
HOLY...
MA'AM, I'D LIKE TO GET YOU
STARTED ON MEDICATION.
I NEED TO KNOW YOUR NAME
SO WE CAN GET YOU REGISTERED.
(raspy voice) NO, I'LL--
I'LL WAIT FOR DOCTOR--
DR. BROOKS ISN'T HERE.
I AM.
JUST TELL ME YOUR NAME.
IF YOU DON'T, I'LL HAVE TO GO
THROUGH ALL DR. BROOKS' CHARTS.
HOW ABOUT YOU SAVE ME ALL THAT
TROUBLE AND TELL ME YOUR NAME?
SHE'LL COME.
(wheezes)
(telephone rings)
(Owen) OKAY, I'M TRACKING
ONE OF THE BULLETS
THROUGH THE ACCESSORY LOBE.
(suction gurgling)
THAT'S THE MIDDLE LOBE.
RIGHT. RIGHT.
IT'S THE RIGHT LUNG.
MM-HMM.
(scoffs)
THIS IS LIKE...
DRIVING IN ENGLAND.
(chuckles)
YOU KNOW, I HAD TO KEEP THINKING
ABOUT EVERY MOVE THAT I MAKE.
IT'S GONNA TAKE TWICE AS LONG
AS IT SHOULD.
OKAY.
YOU GOT PLANS TONIGHT?
(sighs) MEREDITH SEMI-INVITED ME
TO THIS BABYFEST TONIGHT.
BUT I CAN'T TELL IF
SHE REALLY WANTS ME TO GO
OR IF SHE JUST FELT
SHE HAD TO ASK.
IT'S SO COMPLICATED.
RIGHT?
SHE AND I JUST USED TO KNOW
WHAT THE OTHER ONE WAS THINKING.
I MEANT THIS.
(monitor beeping rapidly)
THERE'S STILL BLEEDING
IN THE UPPER LOBE.
(suction gurgling)
I NEED MORE PROXIMAL CONTROL.
DUVAL LUNG CLAMP.
STRAIGHT VASCULAR CLAMP,
PLEASE.
OKAY.
OH, WATCH OUT FOR THE S.--
AH.
V.C.
NICKED THE S.V.C.
IT SHOULDN'T EVEN BE THERE!
I GOT YOU THIS SO YOU DON'T HAVE
TO SHUT YOUR EYES SO TIGHT.
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO SEE.
YOU WANNA TRY IT?
(siren wailing in distance)
OH.
YEAH.
SO LET'S FORGET
WE'RE IN A HOSPITAL.
LET'S TALK ABOUT HALLOWEEN.
DO YOU GET A LOT OF KIDS
AT YOUR HOUSE?
NO.
OH. TOO BAD.
ALL THE KIDS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
ARE PHILIP'S AGE.
THEY'RE ALL GROWN UP
AND GONE.
BUT WHEN HE WAS LITTLE...
(chuckles) IT WAS NUTS.
A REAL MADHOUSE, HUH?
YEAH, KIDS EVERYWHERE.
PHILIP LOVED IT--
HIS FAVORITE HOLIDAY.
HE ALWAYS NEEDED A COSTUME THEY
DIDN'T SELL IN THE STORES...
(rails clank)
AND I ALWAYS NEEDED
TO MAKE IT.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
(rails click)
IT'S OKAY. WE'RE JUST, UH,
WE'RE GONNA TAKE A LITTLE WALK.
WE'RE GONNA GO DOWN TO THE O.R.
AND GET YOU A GOWN.
IS THAT OKAY?
YEAH. YEAH, FINE.
IT'S OKAY.
(whimpers)
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
SO... YOU MADE ALL HIS COSTUMES
FROM SCRATCH, HUH?
WHAT DID HE GO AS?
WELL, ONE YEAR,
HE WENT AS AN AARDVARK.
(indistinct conversations,
siren wailing in distance)
TARYN'S LABS SHOW A SLIGHTLY
ELEVATED WHITE COUNT,
AND SOME OF
HER ELECTROLYTES ARE OFF.
IS SHE GONNA BE HERE
OVERNIGHT?
IT'S JUST THAT HER DAD
WANTS TO KNOW
IF HE SHOULD CHANGE
HIS FLIGHT.
YEAH, HIS 8-YEAR-OLD HAS
A POTENTIALLY SURGICAL ABDOMEN.
SHE NEEDS A C.T. SHE'S IN PAIN.
HE SHOULD CHANGE HIS FLIGHT.
DUDE, WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?
I KNOW YOU THINK HE'S AN ASS,
BUT HE'S NOT.
HE'S NOT YOUR DAD.
DON'T EVEN--
WHAT?
PRETEND THAT YOU'RE
NOT ANGRY
AND HURT
AND ABOUT TO EXPLODE?
I'VE BEEN DOING THAT.
IT'S NOT WORKING.
TELL ME WHAT I CAN DO
TO MAKE THIS BETTER.
JUST GET A C.T.
(clipboard clatters)
(wheels clacking)
(chuckles) SO I THOUGHT
THE SECOND ONE WOULD BE EASIER,
BUT IT'S JUST LIKE
HAVING ONE ALL OVER AGAIN,
EXCEPT NOW THERE ARE TWO.
SO YOU'RE TWICE
AS EXHAUSTED.
(chuckles)
(lowered voice)
OKAY, WE'RE ALL SET.
OKAY. OKAY, MARGE,
WE'RE IN THE O.R.
(gasps)
AND WE ARE READY TO OPERATE.
YOU'LL BE HERE
THE WHOLE TIME, MEREDITH?
THE WHOLE TIME.
OKAY. YES.
I'M READY.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU
SEGMENTED THE WINGS,
THEN SHE'D FLAP
WHEN SHE MOVED.
SHE JUST HAS TO LOOK
LIKE A BUTTERFLY.
SHE DOESN'T ACTUALLY
HAVE TO FLY.
HOW'D YOU SWING
THE TIME OFF?
YOU KNOW, I, UH,
I JUST MADE IT HAPPEN.
HALLOWEEN WAS ALWAYS
MY FAVORITE NIGHT AS A KID,
AND I JUST WANTED TO SPEND IT
WITH MY FAMILY, YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE SO DOMESTICATED.
(chuckles) YOU'RE SUTURING
A BUTTERFLY COSTUME.
YOU KNOW, UH...
YOU KNOW, IF WE ATTACH THIS
TO HER WRIST
WITH STRINGS,
IT'D SORT OF FAN OUT.
THAT'S A BRILLIANT IDEA.
RIGHT.
IT'S TOTALLY WORTH IT.
YEAH, KEEP STITCHING.
THEY'RE INCOMPETENT.
IT'S NOT THEIR FAULT,
BECAUSE IT'S HOW
THEY WERE RAISED.
THESE DAYS, PARENTS THINK
ALL OF THEIR KIDS ARE GENIUSES.
AND EVERYONE GETS A TROPHY
JUST FOR BEING
ON THE SOCCER TEAM.
AND--
THEY'RE NOT THE PROBLEM.
YOU ARE.
I'M TRYING TO TEACH THEM,
AND YOU WON'T LET THEM LEARN.
I CAN BARELY
GET OUT OF THIS BED.
I CAN'T OPERATE.
WHO KNOWS IF I EVER WILL?
THE ONLY THING
THAT GIVES ME SOME MEANING.
HELL, SOME DAYS THE ONLY THING
THAT KEEPS ME GOING...
IS TEACHING THEM.
AND--AND YOU'RE STANDING
IN THE WAY OF THAT.
SO I'M GONNA HAVE
SOMEONE ELSE SUPERVISE 'EM.
YOU'RE NOT KICKING ME
OFF THIS CASE.
YES, I AM.
THIS IS WHY
WHEN I FIRE SOMEONE,
I LIKE TO DO IT
IN THEIR OFFICE.
SO I CAN WALK OUT.
WALK OUT, BAILEY.
NOW.
(equipment clattering,
suction gurgling)
WOW, THERE IS BARELY
ANY NECROTIC TISSUE HERE.
THE MAGGOTS MIGHT HAVE
ACTUALLY SAVED HER LIFE.
WELL, REMIND ME
TO SEND THEM FLOWERS.
WE MAY ACTUALLY MAKE
TRICK-OR-TREATING TONIGHT.
YEAH, ABOUT THAT--I'M, UH...
I'M BOWING OUT TONIGHT.
ARIZONA AND I CAN'T
BE IN THE SAME ROOM
FOR MORE THAN FIVE MINUTES
BEFORE EVERYTHING DEVOLVES
INTO GUNFIRE AND SCREAMING.
SOFIA HAS BEEN SO EXCITED
ABOUT HALLOWEEN.
I'M NOT ABOUT TO LET
HER MOMMIES' BICKERING RUIN IT.
SO... TAKING ONE
FOR THE TEAM.
ARE YOU SURE? (singsongy)
THERE'S GONNA BE A PIñATA...
SHUT UP.
AND PIN THE HEAD
ON THE SKELETON.
DAMN IT! THEY'RE SO CUTE
WHEN THEY'RE BLINDFOLDED.
BOBBING FOR APPLES.
AW!
(chuckles) THEY'RE EVEN
CUTER WHEN THEY BOB!
I'LL TAKE PICTURES.
DR. GREY, IT'S DR. WEBBER.
HE'S ASKING WHETHER YOU HAVE
ROOM ON YOUR SCHEDULE
FOR A CYSTOGASTROSTOMY.
MAYBE DEREK
CAN TAKE PICTURES.
(mouth full)
DID YOU GET YOUR LABS BACK?
NOPE.
THE POST EXPOSURE COUNSELOR
GAVE ME
THIS CHEERFUL LITTLE PAMPHLET
ON ANTI-VIRAL DRUGS
TO READ WHILE I'M WAITING.
SHE SAID IN CASE I DO
HAVE H.I.V.,
IT MIGHT NOT BE A BAD IDEA
TO START TAKING THEM NOW.
YOU PROBABLY
DON'T HAVE H.I.V.
I MIGHT.
I MIGHT NEVER SEE AGAIN.
YOU PROBABLY WILL.
MY UNCLE CAN.
YOU SAID
HE'S IN CONSTANT PAIN.
HORRIBLE PAIN.
HE HAD TO GIVE UP
HIS ACCOUNTING PRACTICE.
HE CAN'T DO MATH.
I'M NOT GONNA BE ABLE
TO BE A SURGEON ANYMORE.
(mouth full)
THE COUNSELOR SAID
THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER
HEALTH CARE JOBS AVAILABLE
APART FROM SURGERY.
(cell phone beeps)
LIKE WHAT?
LIKE POST-EXPOSURE
COUNSELING.
BUT I WON'T KNOW
WHICH PAMPHLETS TO HAND OUT
IF I CAN'T READ THEM.
WE'RE SCREWED.
(whispers) SO SCREWED.
UGH! THAT'S ONE
JACKED UP CAROTID.
YEAH, LET'S GO AHEAD
AND PREP THE SYNTHETIC GRAFT.
(woman) OKAY. STARTING IT NOW.
(cell phone chimes)
IT'S YOURS, DR. AVERY...
FROM DR. EDWARDS.
SHE WANTS TO KNOW
IF YOU THINK SHE SHOULD
CALL THE...
LASAGNA PLEASANT?
THAT'S, LIKE,
HER 15th MISSPELLED TEXT.
SHE'S SCARED.
TELL HER NOT TO CALL,
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE FINE,
AND TO KEEP USING
HER EYEDROPS.
YOU KNOW WHAT? AND TELL HER
THAT SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
(suction gurgling)
WHAT?
(scoffs) WHO ARE YOU?
YOU WERE NEVER THAT NICE TO ME
WHEN I WOULD SPIN OUT.
WELL, MAYBE... I AM TRYING
TO BE A BETTER BOYFRIEND NOW.
NO, NO, IT HELPED
THAT YOU WERE AN ASS.
IT MADE ME GET
MY ACT TOGETHER.
I'M GETTIN' MARRIED,
AND I'M SAVING
THIS GUY'S LIFE AND HIS FACE.
AND THAT'S ALL BECAUSE OF ME.
(scoffs)
DAMN IT.
I MEAN THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE FUN, YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE OVERCOMPLICATING IT.
JUST TELL
YOUR LEFT HAND TO DO
WHAT YOUR RIGHT HAND
USUALLY DOES.
HAVEN'T YOU PRACTICED
OPERATING WITH BOTH HANDS?
YEAH.
UPSIDE DOWN, UNDERWATER--
I-I PRA--
IN A STRAIGHTJACKET.
YES, I HAVE PRACTICED
WITH BOTH HANDS,
BUT I CAN'T JUST--
CUT.
(instruments clank)
SEE?
SIMPLE.
I'M SORRY.
I CAN'T DO IT.
MEREDITH, I JUST NEED YOU
TO OBSERVE WHILE A--
I UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ME--
MEREDITH.
PAGE THE GENERAL SURGEON
THAT'S ON CALL.
I DON'T HAVE THE TIME.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY FOR SAYING
THAT YOU WERE THE WRONG CHOICE
TO BE IN CHARGE
OF MY CARE,
FOR SAYING THAT
YOU SHOULD HAVE LET ME DIE.
(sighs)
I'M SORRY FOR EVER
FEELING THAT WAY.
BECAUSE I'VE REMEMBERED
WHAT IT IS TO LIVE FOR.
I WOULD HAVE NEVER GOTTEN HERE
IF IT HADN'T BEEN FOR YOU.
SO I'M SORRY.
MEREDITH, PLEASE.
HELP ME TEACH THEM.
(elevator bell dings
in distance)
(scribbling)
WHAT IS THAT, A FAN?
YEAH, EXACTLY.
THE ARRAY IS A FAN.
NOW IF I CAN GET THE FAN
TO GO IN THROUGH A BURR HOLE
AND OPEN UP UNDER THE SKULL,
THE WHOLE AREA
WOULD BE COVERED
WITH A FRACTION
OF THE EXPOSURE.
(chuckles) HOW HAS NO ONE
EVER THOUGHT OF THIS YET?
HOW HAVE I NEVER
THOUGHT OF THIS YET?
YOU DON'T LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE REGRETTING
STEPPING BACK FROM SURGERY
AT ALL.
IT'S ONLY BEEN A WEEK,
BUT, UH, NO.
WHAT'S THE RUSH?
I GOT THE KID'S C.T.
YOU WANNA FILL ME IN?
ADRENAL GLANDS ARE ENLARGED,
COUPLED WITH HIGH POTASSIUM,
LOW GLUCOSE--
ADRENAL INSUFFICIENCY.
HER BODY'S NOT PRODUCING
ENOUGH ADRENALINE?
I'M GLAD YOU CAN READ.
(pushes button)
BUT THERE'S NO TUMOR.
UNLESS IT'S AN INFECTION,
MAYBE BLASTOMYCOSIS.
OH, GOD, HER--
HER DAD MENTIONED
THAT THEY JUST WENT
TO BRAZIL.
WHAT, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
YOU DIDN'T THINK YOU SHOULD
PUT THAT IN HER CHART?
(continues pushing button)
(sighs)
(panting)
(sighs) WHAT THE HELL?
THANKS FOR YOUR HELP,
AND I'M SORRY
ABOUT THE LAST-MINUTE
CANCELLATION.
WHERE IS SHE?
SHE WAS JUST HERE.
SHE WAS ASKING
ABOUT TRICK OR TREATING
AROUND THE HOSPITAL,
AND I JUST STEPPED OUT
TO CHANGE MY FLIGHT--
YOU COULDN'T KEEP AN EYE
ON HER FOR FIVE MINUTES?
WHAT'S--WHAT'S GOING ON?
TARYN'S BODY ISN'T
PRODUCING ADRENALINE.
YOU KNOW
WHAT ADRENALINE DOES?
IT KEEPS YOUR ORGANS FROM GOING
INTO SHOCK AND SHUTTING DOWN
WHEN YOU GET HURT
OR TRAUMATIZED OR SCARED.
YOU SAID THAT SHE STARTED
TO FEEL SICK LAST NIGHT
WATCHING THE SCARY MOVIE?
SHE WANTED TO WATCH IT.
SHE'S WANDERING THROUGH
THE HOSPITAL ON HALLOWEEN.
LOOK, IF--
IF SOMETHING FRIGHTENS HER,
SHE COULD GO INTO SHOCK.
SHE CAN GET SCARED...
TO DEATH?
(sighs)
WE GOTTA GO FIND HER.
I'M LOOKING FOR
A CRAZY LADY WITH WEIRD EYES.
TOO SOON, SHANE.
NO, SERIOUSLY,
SHE DISAPPEARED AGAIN.
SHE WAS HEATHER'S PATIENT,
AND SHE WON'T TELL ME HER NAME.
AND THERE'S NO RECORD
OF HER ANYWHERE.
AND EVERY TIME I GO
TO FIND HER, SHE'S GONE.
(voice trembling) WHOA...
WELL, MAYBE SHE'S A GHOST.
FORGET IT.
(chuckles) STOP.
SHE'S PROBABLY A STRAY.
HEATHER WAS ALWAYS
TAKING THEM IN--
THE... THE HOMELESS,
THE UNINSURED.
(bumps door)
(wheels rolling)
(indistinct conversations)
(man speaking indistinctly
on TV)
TRICK OR TREAT.
EH.
...WITH GUSTS UP
TO 40 MILES PER HOUR.
CLOUDY AND CONTINUING
WINDY OVERNIGHT...
(wheels continue rolling)
TRICK OR TREAT.
(gasping loudly)
(door creaks)
(panting)
(continues gasping loudly)
(continues panting)
OHH!
(wheezing)
(woman wheezing)
GET ME D-10 NORMAL SALINE
AND BRING A CRASH CART
RIGHT AWAY!
(woman) I'LL GET IT.
TARYN, CAN YOU HEAR ME?
(woman) DR. KAREV?
GIVE ME THAT GURNEY!
RIGHT AWAY, DOCTOR.
SHE'S IN SHOCK
FROM ADRENAL CRISIS.
(voice strained)
GET ME HER BLOOD PRESSURE,
AND GET THOSE FLUIDS STARTED.
I'M ON IT.
(woman) LET'S GET HER LEGS
ELEVATED.
(continues wheezing)
EXPIRATORY WHEEZING,
GET HER ON 5-LITER O2.
(woman) SYSTOLIC'S 60.
I NEED AN I.V. HYDROCORTISONE
AND A CENTRAL LINE KIT.
HAVE THE P.I.C.U.
GET A BED READY,
AND GET HER TO THE E.R.
(woman) RIGHT AWAY.
(continues wheezing)
THIS DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
A HOSPITAL.
WE'VE TAKEN ALL
OF THE UNNECESSARY MEDICAL
EQUIPMENT OUT OF THE ROOM.
AND PHILIP IS BRINGING SOME MORE
OF YOUR THINGS FROM HOME.
AND I'VE EVEN PUT
A SIGN ON THE DOOR,
SO ALL THE DOCTORS AND STAFF
WILL RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY.
OKAY, UM... (sighs)
DO YOU WANT ME TO STAY?
DON'T YOU HAVE KIDS
TO GET TO FOR HALLOWEEN?
YEAH, BUT YOU--
YOU KNOW, IT'S OKAY. I'M--
OH, NO.
YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS IT.
YOU ONLY GET TEN
BEFORE THEY GO OFF
ON HALLOWEEN WITH THEIR FRIENDS,
GETTING INTO TROUBLE.
(chuckles) YOU GOTTA
ENJOY IT WHILE YOU CAN.
(Banks' "Change" playing)
THAT WASN'T SO BAD,
WAS IT?
YEAH, AND YOU CAN
MAKE IT TO YOUR PARTY,
IF YOU YOU'RE GOING.
(water running)
I AM. YOU KNOW,
I'LL SHOW UP.
I'LL HAVE A BEER.
MER AND I WILL TALK,
AND WE'LL MOVE PAST
THIS WHOLE THING.
GOOD.
(cell phone chimes)
OH.
OH, IT'S MEREDITH.
"IF YOU'RE COMING TO THE PARTY,
COULD YOU BRING CUPCAKES?
IF NOT, NO PROBLEM."
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
UM...
IT'S NO PROBLEM
IF I DON'T GO,
OR NO PROBLEM
IF I DON'T BRING CUPCAKES?
AND IF I DON'T GO,
THEN THERE'S NO CUPCAKES?
OR WILL SOMEONE ELSE
BRING THEM?
AND IF SOMEONE ELSE
IS BRINGING THEM,
WHY IS SHE EVEN
ASKING ME?
DON'T OVERCOMPLICATE IT.
JUST GO.
THE CORTISONE WILL PREVENT
ANOTHER ADRENAL CRISIS.
TARYN SHOULD MAKE
A FULL RECOVERY.
I NEVER WOULD HAVE
TAKEN HER TO BRAZIL WITH ME
IF I HAD KNOWN
SHE COULD GET SICK.
I KNOW.
AND THE MOVIE...
SHE LOVES SCARY MOVIES.
IT... IT WAS ONE BAD CALL.
THAT'S ALL IT WAS,
JUST ONE BAD CALL.
I'M A GOOD DAD.
DON'T LET WHAT DR. KAREV
SAID... (sighs)
HE'S JUST...
HE'S SO GOOD WITH KIDS
BUT JUST SO CRAPPY
WITH OTHER PEOPLE.
HE KNOWS YOU'RE
A GOOD DAD.
♪♪♪
(sighs deeply)
IS MY FACE FIXED?
NOT QUITE YET.
OUR FIRST PRIORITY
WAS REPAIRING
YOUR INJURED CAROTID,
WHICH WAS DAMAGED
WHEN YOU WERE ATTACKED.
OH, GOD.
THE ZOMBIE--WHERE IS HE?
NO.
HE'S--HE'S NOT QUARANTINED?
IS THAT WHERE THIS IS?
I... I'VE BEEN QUARANTINED,
HAVEN'T I?
OH, GOD, I KNEW IT.
I SAW THIS THING ON CABLE
ABOUT THESE RITUALS IN HAITI,
AND I THOUGHT
THEY WERE ALL CRAP,
BUT YOU'VE GOT ME
QUARANTINED.
EXCEPT YOU'RE NOT
WHICH MEANS...
THIS IS THE I.C.U.--
YOU WOULDN'T TELL ME
THE TRUTH ANYWAY.
THEY'VE GOT YOU ON A GAG ORDER,
DON'T THEY?
BECAUSE THAT'S
WHAT THEY DO--THE C.D.C.--
OKAY.
THEY--THEY DON'T WANT YOU
TO TELL ME THE TRUTH--
HEY, VICTOR! VICTOR, HEY!
BECAUSE OTHERWISE, YOU--
HEY, HEY! LISTEN TO ME!
VICTOR, YOU ARE NOT
UNDER QUARANTINE.
YOU ARE IN THE I.C.U.,
WHICH IS WHERE WE TAKE PATIENTS
AFTER SURGERY.
YOU WERE ATTACKED
BY A NORMAL GUY
WHO TOOK A BUNCH OF DRUGS,
LOST HIS MIND, AND ATTACKED YOU.
HE DIDN'T DIE
WHEN HE WAS SHOT
BECAUSE HE'S GOT A CONDITION
CALLED SITUS INVERSUS,
WHICH PUT HIS HEART ON
THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF HIS CHEST.
THAT'S... THAT'S RANDOM.
YEAH, COMPLETELY RANDOM,
AND ALSO NOT
IN THE LEAST BIT SUPERNATURAL.
AND REALLY, HONESTLY,
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT,
ISN'T THAT, LIKE,
A HUNDRED TIMES SCARIER
THAN SOME...
ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE?
YEAH.
YEAH, OKAY, I GUESS IT IS.
HMM.
OKAY.
(lowered voice) SEE,
SOMEONE STARTS SPINNING OUT,
YOU JUST SHUT IT DOWN.
BUT, YOU KNOW, YOU CAN STILL
TELL HIM HE'S PRETTY,
IF YOU WANT TO.
(sighs)
(indistinct conversations,
siren wailing in distance)
FIX THE WINGS?
YES, AND CHANGED
THE FUTURE OF SCIENCE.
I FIGURED OUT
THE SENSOR ARRAY.
I INSERT IT INTO
A 2-CENTIMETER BURR HOLE.
GREAT!
WELL, I HAVE TO FIND A RESIDENT
TO DO WEBBER'S PSEUDOCYST,
OR I'M NOT EVEN GONNA
MAKE IT TO TRICK OR TREAT.
GO. SEE YOU AT THE HOUSE.
OKAY.
(woman) DR. MAHONEY TO THE E.R.
DR. MAHONEY TO THE E.R.
SHANE...
YOU WIN--
WEBBER'S PSEUDOCYST.
LET'S GO, SHANE.
SUIT UP. BIG LEAGUES.
(claps hands)
I...
I HAVE A PATIENT.
COULD I TALK TO YOU
ABOUT ALEX?
(elevator bell dings)
YES, I KNOW A PLACE
WE CAN GO
WHERE NO ONE
WILL INTERRUPT US.
(girls) TRICK OR TREAT!
(rustling)
(woman) HEY, KIDS, SLOW DOWN!
(girl) BECCA, HURRY!
(monster growls, evil laughter)
(thunder rumbling)
(woman screams)
(closes door)
(thunder rumbling)
(Tuck) BOO!
(chuckles) AAH!
(groaning)
OH, MY GOODNESS.
(gasps)
(switch clicks)
WELCOME TO MY LABORATORY.
AAH! (chuckles)
IT'S GREAT.
MOMMY, BEN DID ALL THIS.
LOOK, THERE'S EVEN SMOKE!
OH, I SEE!
(chuckles)
WELL, I-I HAD SOME HELP.
WELL, LOOK AT YOU.
DR. CRAZY PERSON.
YOU LOOK SO GOOD!
OKAY, GO AND GET
YOUR TRICK OR TREAT BAG NOW.
(chuckles)
(sighs)
HUH?
I TOLD YOU,
THIS IS MY HOLIDAY.
YOU ARE AMAZING.
(both moan)
HE'S SO HAPPY.
(chuckles)
WE HAD FUN. YOU KNOW, WE SHOULD
DO STUFF LIKE THIS ALL THE TIME.
(chuckles)
YEAH, HE'D LOVE THAT.
I WOULD, TOO.
RIGHT?
I MEAN, THIS HOLIDAYS
AND WEEKENDS CRAP--
I WANT TO BE BACK HERE
IN SEATTLE WITH YOU GUYS.
YEAH, I KNOW.
BUT, WELL, YOU CAN'T
DROP OUT OF RESIDENCY
IN THE MIDDLE.
UM...
IN A FEW YEARS, WE'LL--
I DID.
I QUIT.
YOU WHAT?
HEY, HAVE YOU SEEN WILSON?
'CAUSE I NEED TO GET
AN UPDATE ON--
(sniffling)
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING'S WRONG. I'M FINE.
YOU'RE CRYING.
(voice breaking)
IT'S NOTHING. I'M FINE.
(sniffles) I GOT BIT...
BY A DELUSIONAL,
PSYCHOTIC DRUG ADDICT
WHO THINK HE'S THE UNDEAD.
AND I'M WAITING FOR
THE GUY'S H.I.V. RESULTS.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
I'M TRYING TO BE EASY PEASY.
(elevator bell dings)
(sighs)
(Sleeping at Last)
♪ WITH GOLDEN STREAMS ♪
MY FIRST NEEDLE STICK
HAPPENED ON A TUESDAY.
IT WAS THE SECOND MONTH
OF MY THIRD YEAR
IN MY INTERNAL MEDICINE
ROTATION.
AND MY PATIENT WAS SUFFERING
FROM END STAGE A.I.D.S.
♪ THE SEAMS ♪
WE HAD JUST SWITCHED OVER
TO THESE RETRACTABLE NEEDLES.
AND WHEN I WENT TO PUT HIS
INTO THE HAZARDOUS WASTE, I...
I DIDN'T RETRACT IT RIGHT.
AND IT JAMMED
RIGHT INTO MY PALM.
AND MY WHOLE BODY
WENT COLD.
♪ EVERY TIME WE OPEN UP ♪
AND I HAD NEVER
FELT FEAR LIKE THAT
IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
♪ I GET SPACED IN TIME ♪
RIGHT NOW...
IT'S NOT THE TIME
TO BE EASY PEASY.
♪ AND MAKES THEM KIND ♪
(breathing heavily)
(air whooshing)
(sighs deeply and moans)
♪ WE ARE THE DUST OF DUST ♪
(moans deeply)
♪ WE ARE THE APPLE
OF GOD'S EYE ♪
SHE'S DEAD.
DR. BROOKS DIED
THREE MONTHS AGO.
♪ WE ARE INFINITE ♪
WELL, THAT CAN'T BE TRUE.
♪ AS THE UNIVERSE WILL HOLD US ♪
YOU'RE NOT IN THE CHARTS.
SHE WAS TREATING YOU
UNDER THE TABLE, RIGHT?
♪ INFINITY TIMES INFINITY ♪
SHE WAS GIVING YOU THESE...
FOR YOUR ASTHMA?
(voice breaking) I DIDN'T
WANT HER TO GET INTO TROUBLE.
WHEN YOU RUN OUT,
YOU COME BACK.
YOU FIND ME.
I'LL BE YOUR DOCTOR NOW.
SHE--SHE WAS
A VERY GOOD DOCTOR.
ARE YOU AS GOOD
AS SHE WAS?
♪♪♪
NO.
♪ LET THERE BE LIGHT ♪
BUT I WILL BE.
SO THERE'S THE WALL
OF THE PSEUDOCYST.
NOW WHAT DO YOU DO?
ENLARGE THE INCISION
WITH A DISSECTING INSTRUMENT
AND USE A STAPLER
TO CREATE THE ANASTOMOSIS.
GOOD. CARRY ON.
FASTER...
BUT TAKE YOUR TIME.
CAN I TELL YOU
A THING ABOUT ALEX?
HE DOESN'T WANT ME
TO TELL ANYONE,
BUT I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
HE KEEPS PUSHING ME AWAY.
AND YOU KNOW HIM
BETTER THAN I DO.
CAN'T TELL ME.
I CAN'T?
TELLING ME IS THE WORST THING
YOU COULD DO.
IF HE TOLD YOU,
HE TRUSTED YOU.
SO WHATEVER IT IS,
YOU HAVE TO BE THE ONE
TO DEAL WITH IT.
I MEAN, OF COURSE
HE'S GONNA TO PUSH YOU AWAY
BECAUSE HE HATES
BEING VULNERABLE.
BUT THAT'S WHEN
HE'S GONNA NEED YOU
TO STICK WITH HIM
THE MOST.
I'LL KEEP TRYING.
WE'LL, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO DO BETTER THAN TRY,
BECAUSE MY PLATE IS FULL.
I HAVE TOO MANY KIDS
AND TOO MANY PATIENTS,
AND I CAN'T HANDLE
A BROKEN ALEX RIGHT NOW.
YOU CAN DO IT.
(suction gurgling)
IS IT OUT OF THE QUESTION
TO GET A LITTLE CONSISTENCY
IN THIS FAMILY?
WHAT CONSISTENCY?
I NEVER SEE YOU.
(doorbell rings,
children laughing)
TRICK OR TREAT!
OH, TRICK OR TREAT.
(candy clattering)
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE SO SCARY.
(thuds)
HERE.
THANK YOU.
YOU STARTED THE PROGRAM--
NO, YOU UPENDED OUR LIVES
BECAUSE IT WAS EXTREMELY
IMPORTANT TO YOU.
IT'S NOT WORKING.
(doorbell rings)
YOU ARE MY FAMILY,
AND I WANT TO BE WITH YOU.
(door creaks)
TRICK OR TREAT!
OH, CLEOPATRA
AND A LADYBUG.
(candy clatters)
THANK YOU.
TRICK OR TREAT!
MY LIFE IS HAPPENING,
AND I'M ELSEWHERE.
YOU DON'T LOVE IT?
YOU? OF COURSE I L--
NO, NOT ME. SURGERY.
(sighs)
YOU LEFT TOWN A WEEK
AFTER WE GOT MARRIED
TO LEARN SURGERY,
BECAUSE...
YOU WERE IN LOVE WITH IT.
YEAH. BUT I AM IN LOVE
WITH YOU MORE.
WH--
YOU REALLY GONNA TELL ME
THAT'S THE WRONG ANSWER?
I'M J-JUST...
WHAT?
(sighs)
MIRANDA, WHAT?
(inhales sharply)
DISAPPOINTED...
IN YOU.
(stammers)
(clicks)
CAN WE GO TRICK-OR-TREATING
NOW?
(gasps, laughing)
YOU ARE SO CUTE!
OH... (grunts)
OKAY. UH, LET ME
GET MY COAT.
(indistinct conversations)
(exhales)
(beeps)
This is Dr. Emma Marling.
Please leave a message.
(clears throat and sighs)
(beep)
EMMA, OWEN.
UH, LISTEN, UM...
I WASN'T READY TO TALK
ABOUT CRISTINA BEFORE,
BECAUSE THINGS BETWEEN SHE AND I
WERE ALWAYS SO... COMPLICATED.
AND I CAN'T... I CAN'T DO
COMPLICATED RIGHT NOW.
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO THINK
ABOUT COMPLICATED,
AND THAT IS WHAT IS SO GREAT
ABOUT YOU,
IS THAT YOU'RE, YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE SO EASY.
GOD... THAT CAME OUT WRONG.
I DON'T MEAN YOU'RE EASY.
I MEAN YOU'RE SIMPLE.
(gasps)
UH... UH, DELETE THIS.
(beeps)
(sighs)
(huffs)
(cell phone vibrates and rings)
EMMA?
Hi.
HEY.
HOW'D SHE DO?
FANTASTIC.
ALMOST AS IF SHE HAD
A GREAT TEACHER.
TAKE ME THROUGH IT.
I WANT TO HEAR EVERY DETAIL.
WELL, IN THE INTEREST
OF EDUCATION,
WHY DON'T WE LET DR. WILSON
DO THAT?
I LIKE THE WAY
YOU THINK, GREY.
OKAY, WELL, UM, WE STARTED
YOUR INCISION USING--
NO, NO. START FROM
THE VERY BEGINNING.
WHERE'D YOU PLACE
THE PORTS?
WELL, UM, WE TOOK A LOOK
AT YOUR PREVIOUS INCISION
AND DECIDED TO PLACE THE XIPHOID
PORT LATERAL TO THAT.
HALLOWEEN IS NOT
FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
(laughter)
THERE'S A SURPRISE
AROUND EVERY CORNER.
(slaps table)
RAPID TESTS NEGATIVE!
GOOD FOR YOU.
I HAVE TO GO BACK IN SIX MONTHS
TO GET TESTED AGAIN
TO BE SURE,
BUT IT'S LOOKING GOOD.
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU STILL BLIND?
BUMMER.
MMM!
(glass clatters)
ALSO, NO HEPATITIS.
(Classified feat. David Myles)
♪ LEARN THE CODE ♪
(Jackson) WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
DUDE, I'M WAITING
FOR MY BOYFR--
HI.
JACKSON?
OH, DAMN IT.
OOH, I'M SCREWED!
I'M SO SCREWED.
I REALLY MIGHT NEVER OPERATE
AGAIN, AND IT'S MY FAULT.
I WENT AND HAD SURGERY
ON MY EYES
BECAUSE MY GLASSES WERE JUST
A LITTLE BIT ANNOYING,
AND THEN I WENT BACK TO WORK
TOO SOON
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I MIGHT
GET A LITTLE BIT BEHIND,
WHICH IS SO STUPID.
YEAH. PRETTY STUPID.
WHAT?
YOU KNEW
THAT I WAS GONNA TAKE
THE WHOLE DAY OFF
WITH YOU, RIGHT?
WE COULD HAVE SPENT
THE ENTIRE DAY AT HOME
ON THE COUCH WHILE I
MADE YOU CHICKEN SOUP
AND YOU WATCHED MOVIES
AND SLEPT IT OFF.
BUT, NO, YOU HAD TO
COME TO WORK.
YOU HAD TO STRESS YOURSELF OUT
AND STRAIN YOUR EYES
AND MAKE YOURSELF MISERABLE,
WHICH I TOLD YOU
WAS GONNA HAPPEN.
♪ OUT ♪
♪ AND I PAY CLOSE ATTENTION ♪
CAN WE DO IT TOMORROW?
WE'RE GONNA DO IT
RIGHT DAMN NOW.
(chair scrapes floor)
COME ON.
♪ NOBODY'S GONNA SEE ME COMIN',
NOBODY'S GONNA HEAR A SOUND ♪
SOME OF THE SURPRISES
ARE GOOD.
HEY! YOU MADE IT.
HEY, YEAH.
MWAH! (kisses)
(Arizona)
THE PARTY WAS GREAT,
AND SOFIA IS A CHAMPION
APPLE-BOBBER.
THE WINGS LOOK GREAT!
HEY!
OH, LOOK AT THE LITTLE
SPACE PRINCESS!
(laughing)
HEY!
GO TO MOMMY.
(giggling)
HI! YOU WANT YOUR WAND?
I DON'T HEAR ANY GUNFIRE.
YEAH, WELL, WE'LL ONLY GET
ABOUT TEN OF THESE
BEFORE SHE STARTS WANTING
TO WEAR SLUTTY COSTUMES
AND RUN OFF WITH HER FRIENDS,
AND I'M NOT ABOUT TO CUT
THAT NUMBER IN HALF.
(Sofia babbles)
IT'S THE FIRST THING ARIZONA
AND I HAVE AGREED ON IN MONTHS.
(clicks tongue)
(Sofia giggling)
SHH, SHH, SHH, SHH,
SHH, SHH, SHH.
(Derek groans) HEY. (laughs)
♪ I BROKE THE CHAINS BEFORE
THEY CHOKED ME OUT ♪
♪ AND I PAY CLOSE ATTENTION ♪
(laughter and indistinct
conversations continue)
♪ NOBODY'S GONNA SEE ME COMIN',
NOBODY'S GONNA HEAR A SOUND ♪
HOLD THE BETTER ONE
FIRST, AND THEN...
(Arizona) WHO'S READY TO GO
TRICK-OR-TREATING?
(gasping and excited murmuring)
TIME FOR BLAST-OFF!
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
(speaks indistinctly)
COME ON...
(indistinct conversations)
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO!
WHEE!
(laughter)
YAY!
UM...
(bell dings)
AND SOME OF THE SURPRISES
ARE BAD.
ARE YOU GONNA STAY HERE
AND HAND OUT CANDY?
NO, I'M GONNA EAT CANDY
IN THE DARK
AND PRETEND
LIKE I'M NOT HOME.
ALEX--
I'LL PASS OUT
YOUR FREAKIN' CANDY. RELAX.
WHAT'S IMPORTANT IS THAT
YOU CAN'T LET
THE FEAR OF THE SURPRISE
STOP YOU
FROM GETTING DRESSED UP...
♪ NOBODY'S GONNA SEE ME COMIN' ♪
AND WANDERING UP
TO A STRANGER'S HOUSE
TO ASK THE QUESTION.
WHAT ARE YOU SUPPOSED
TO BE?
SEXY...
WITCH.
♪ MY INNER NINJA ♪
YOU DIDN'T HAVE SOMETHING ELSE
TO DO TONIGHT?
(chair scrapes floor)
(sighs) I HAD MANY OPTIONS,
SHARKY...
BUT THIS SEEMED
THE MOST FUN.
CAN I BUY YOU A DRINK?
♪ HIGHEST MOUNTAINS,
I SWUM THE COLDEST SEAS ♪
TEQUILA.
TWO TEQUILAS.
♪ MY INNER NINJA ♪
(instrumental horror music
playing)
(doorbell rings, knock on door)
LIGHTS ARE OFF!
(doorbell rings,
knock on door)
♪♪♪
I WAS WRONG ABOUT YOUR DAD.
I MADE A BAD CALL.
I SHOULD HAVE LET YOU
WALK AWAY,
BUT I NEVER WOULD HAVE
PUSHED YOU TOWARDS HIM
IF I THOUGHT THAT YOU'D
END UP HURT.
I DIDN'T SEE IT COMING.
YOU DID, AND I AM SO SORRY.
BUT IT WAS ONE CRAPPY CALL.
THAT'S ALL.
SO WHAT'LL IT BE--
TRICK...
OR TREAT?
GET IN,
BEFORE THE TRICK-OR-TREATERS
THINK THAT I'M HOME.